I want to tell you that I am with
samantha villagrán of paper stars
really today is a special day for
prove to those we want to
they are always in our heart
we practically have a kind here
of letter not exactly the idea is that
do different things to tell
someone who wants not with a surprise
so then my idea was to make a
letter in the back can mark
the as if it were a puzzle the
we cut ok we can cut it this has
trimmed all your feelings and are
dead of the cake made puzzle
they can do it inside the heart
along with chocolate is not an aspirin
what they want to give something to
man the excellent plan and also
surprises
so that different form of giving you your
heart and your love to him now this
heart that I have in my hand is full
of butterflies but nothing but what a wonder
of applications this as place is a
white cardboard with wire for all
sides you put an application you take away
the double-sided tape that comes in the
the back is folded and the wings
all full of cardboard
applications of different colors in
this case of butterflies but they can be
dragonflies spiders leaves and decorates very very
flirtatious maybe a garden any
space the headboard of a bedroom and
There are different ways as I said
in this case they are hearts that you can
put on any branch to decorate a
cake a cupcake is also in shape
of a butterfly a little larger than
you can put them on a tree or on
the wall to get a nice picture of
a wedding look very flirty
for example here with the branches we did
several applications 10 a centerpiece
you can also paste them on the wall
making a name for someone
up a lit corridor as we see it
there the toilet to your love we wanted
continue as far as you want and you
Have a nice dinner exactly that of
see if they get romantic in the night
which is that it is special tomorrow too
well this took advantage of all the less than
once
exactly all these applications are
of recovered paper of what they have already
thrown away and can not do it like in
third dimension exactly in the
back we put a ribbon
double face so you can paste it
where you want not in a heart in a
card on the wall in the ibm is
you can put together your dinner table
romantic in the hearts plans in
the strip does not do this you can find it
and more ideas on paper stars
dotcom to see an iconic facebook
click on it and there you will see many
images with more examples of things
decorated baby shower christenings of all
a little
I have two beautiful trees here and
where are the trees of love here what
that propose us to do our
little I do for example this put
for a bachelorette party for a
we will allow not to join with friends and
also tell them that you want them
example I can not see my búrquez
can Saturday can they do it then
then from a love tree neutral state
where they are, life changes being
your friends know perfectly what
is happening to them then you can put
something much more personalized in each
heart wishing you something very nice
depending on everything that is living
and each of them can also be
use as lamps look very flirty
and other ideas we have are the
screens for glasses
the butterflies that can also be
place light and good the famous ones
stars that we have more than 120 models
and with this you can decorate tables a
restaurant a wedding a bedroom you can
do unimaginable things and in a way
very different
well is all the other fruits you can
place light and can be used as
lamps and a water that I please
bright boot and ali and they come
to help us also to tania because
each one of these hearts stryper
they are slowly choosing
any heart I am in a
thought please this is the idea
that you live with your friends and
they show them that they are always in their
heart and that they love them very much
Fate was telling him exactly
that says my dear tania valleys for
friends a friend reminds you not by
what you had but for what you were
how cute mine says a friendship is a
knot that gets stronger every day
oh how nice and the client we are going to
dedicate to all those people that today
they walk sad because they are failing in
this of love says not to be loved is a
simple misfortune the true misfortune
it is not knowing how to love
with love and with your imagination you can
decorate many spaces giving a touch
very yours you can decorate a kitchen and the
garden of your house filled one
room with butterflies on and
even with the small screens for glasses
your table these screens carry in the
part of each cup inside a candle
Tea gives a magical touch to your table or
any small space
and this wonderful so you know if
you say it to the universe is more
likely to happen so put the
nice thoughts that want you
happen on our planet many
thank you hate